Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey. are you filming us?
Out of my way.
Out of my way. Stop.
Mirthe.
Don't.
If my brother tells you to stop. you stop.
I didn't expect this from you.
Why?
Jona. I...
Mirthe van der Molen.
Thanks for working at Heerema's Piggery.
Unfortunately we're going
to have to let you go.
We have a strict rule here.
No phones on the work floor.
- It's nothing but trouble.
- You're violating EU welfare regulations.
Welfare regulations?
What do you know about those?
Our regulations say:
no phones on the work floor.
Those pigs deserve a good life.
Better than this.
They wouldn't even be here
if it weren't for us.
Better yet. they're alive thanks to us.
And how is up to me. not up to you.
Sad. really. Secretly recording stuff
to sabotage my life.
- To show the truth. If you have a heart...
- I do have a heart.
- For my family and my farm.
- You don't give a shit about those pigs.
I wouldn't come back here if I were you.
Is that a threat?
Don't forget your phone.
MEAT DAY
No. don't.
Pigs are killed like this every day.
No one deserves to die like this.
Don't look away. This is what you eat.
This is the truth.
People. why are we looking away?
In the Netherlands
25 million pigs are born each year.
and most won't live past six months old.
Hey. Everything alright?
I was wondering
if you could ask one more time.
If Nasha says no. then it's no.
And I really tried. You know that. But
she doesn't think you're hardcore enough.
Is this hardcore enough?
- Jesus. Mirthe.
- I filmed it.
You did?
I can't promise you anything.
Nasha doesn't trust anyone.
- You don't want her against you.
- I want to do something.
Meat is murder. Meat is murder.
Come by tonight.
- Mirthe. you're here.
- Yes.
Nas...
There she is. Our little spy.
Mirthe.
Welcome to Animal Army.
I'll introduce you.
That piece of art on the couch is Donna.
You know Hummy.
And that angry guy over there is Ishmael.
We founded Animal Army together.
Ish...
So. that video...
Did you film it yourself?
- Mirthe was there for four weeks.
- Almost.
How did you get in?
I heard they were looking for summer help.
I applied and they hired me.
I couldn't do that.
Seeing those pigs and only film them.
Yeah. it was pretty tough.
But I wanted to film it.
People need to see what's going on there.
It's easy to act as if it doesn't exist.
But by seeing it. you feel it. Really.
Holy shit. People are going
to feel it when they see this.
- And? Did they catch you filming?
- No. I called in sick. I'm not going back.
Mirt. come here.
- Can I call you Mirt?
- Sure.
Come here.
Can we use this?
Of course. That's the purpose.
Everyone needs to see this.
I agree. The things you filmed are so sad.
Heart wrenching.
Every animal deserves love.
Those pigs shouldn't be there.
So...
- Tonight we'll free them.
- Tonight?
Tonight is perfect. Mirthe knows exactly
how to get in and where we need to go.
Nas. it's not smart to bring her tonight.
Let's keep the team small.
Mirthe can handle it.
Moreover. we need her.
She's our inside girl.
- What if they recognize me?
- Nas.
I get that you're nervous.
It's a big deal. You can feel nervous.
But this is our calling.
You felt that too when you filmed it.
That it can't go on like this.
Many people have opinions.
but they're too scared to act.
But we aren't.
We got an opportunity to save lives.
Thanks to you.
With your pretty face.
Are you sure you want to do this?
So. lead us the way. inside girl.
- Who can we expect?
- No employees at night. Only family.
- Cameras?
- At the gate.
We need to go over the field.
There were pigs all over.
- Are you sure it was here?
- Of course. I've been here for weeks.
- Then where are they?
- Ish.
We're too late.
- How old were those videos?
- From the day before yesterday.
- It was crammed with pigs.
- They knew we were coming.
- Impossible.
- Someone talked.
And now those assholes killed them.
Murderers.
I'm sorry. I didn't know...
This was a lesson. Don't wait. just act.
The poor animals needed help
and we were too late.
- We can't let this happen again.
- Agreed.
- What are we doing now?
- Putting a stop to this.
We'll teach them a lesson
they won't forget.
- And believe me. it's very effective.
- We have a chance to do the right thing.
To make a difference.
Otherwise new piglets will arrive.
who will get murdered without mercy.
We can stop this.
Who doesn't act. is equally guilty.
You wanted to do something. right?
So do it.
Only a warning.
Where's the entrance to the home?
Hurry. The farmer is insane.
If he catches us...
I hope he'll get a heart attack.
There's someone coming.
Damn. this crap.
MURDERERS
NO MEAT
Activist bastards.
No one leaves
until everything is cleaned up.
- No one.
- Calm down.
Stay there.
- Stay there.
- Calm down.
- Who else is here?
- No one. Only me.
- Where's the rest?
- Damnit. It's just me.
- Do you think you can scare me?
- Get up.
Get up. man.
Walk.
Nasha.
You're doing great.
I was scared the first time too.
- Stay focused.
- What if the police comes?
Getting arrested isn't that bad. We'll be
in a cell together. Cute story for later.
- What are we doing then?
- Whatever's necessary.
- Here. To relax.
- No. thanks.
You make me nervous too.
Stick out your tongue.
Come on.
WINNER MEAT DAY 2008
- Who else is home?
- I told you. No one.
Just me.
Come on.
- Jonathan. Jerrienne. wake up.
- Shut up.
Just do as I say.
Don't be scared.
What's your name?
Jerrienne? Do I say it right?
I won't hurt you.
Where's the rest of the family?
Our sister is upstairs.
But please don't hurt her.
Our mom only just passed away
and Dad isn't home.
And where are the pigs?
What do you think?
- Dad knew something was going to happen.
- Did he now? And how?
Do you think it's funny?
Slaughtering defenseless animals?
- Let me go. psycho.
- I'm a psycho?
I think you're the one
torturing and killing animals.
- Don't be so pathetic.
- Fine.
- You're a bit stressed out. aren't you?
- Film this.
Come on. don't do that.
This farm is responsible
for thousands of pig murders annually.
They think that goes unpunished.
but that's not how we see it.
These are the two killers.
But you can't really see from the outside.
We're making sure you can recognize them
better. by putting our autograph on them.
Don't do this. No. don't.
That's what those pigs would say
if they could talk.
No. stop.
Have you ever wondered
what they're trying to tell you?
They're smarter than some people.
Or don't you think about that?
Don't you get why they're screaming?
- Enough.
- No. they have blood on their hands.
They deserve this.
It's just a piercing.
Stay calm.
Are you sick?
Heavy shit.
Do you like animals?
You don't have to talk. You can just nod.
Me too. Very much.
Did you know your dad is a murderer?
Your dad kills animals. Did you know that?
Wouldn't it be weird if I took
a knife like this one and then...
cut through your stuffed animal?
I can't do that. right?
That would be insane.
Don't be a crybaby.
You do the same to those pigs.
Your ear is the least painful spot
to get pierced.
Shall I put the next one
in between your balls?
- Where are you going?
- This is not okay.
- You're not leaving. We stay together.
- Let me go.
Are you staying here?
Fix this.
This is insane.
It's just a warning.
That hole heals very quickly.
- These are people.
- Wrong people.
They do heavy stuff.
They deserved this.
This isn't that bad.
Nas has done worse shit.
- Not that bad?
- All the time you're pushing me to act.
To join. I told you
you have to be hardcore for this.
You really have to want this.
And look at you now.
No one likes doing this. but we have to.
It's effective.
Those guys are shitting their pants.
This farm will be closed within a week.
Listen. If you want to make a difference.
we have to trust each other.
We need to stay strong.
Do you want to make a difference?
Yes.
You're going to show us
where you commit the murders.
- Do you want to say something too?
- He doesn't help out on the farm.
I'll show you
how we kill your pig friends.
We're getting smart. aren't we?
Then you show us.
Come. you have to film it.
You watch this one.
- I'll go. I know the place.
- Are you sure?
No weird stuff. or your brother
gets a few more piercings.
Walk.
Jesus Christ.
Okay. explain the murdering process.
The pigs will be sedated around
that corner and then we scald them.
- Then they're gutted and the meat...
- Slow down.
Not so fast. That's sounds too normal.
Show us where the sedation happens.
Do you think it's funny?
Scalding baths.
Here the animals come in.
We have two methods to sedate them.
- To kill them.
- Here we shoot a bolt in their heads.
Then they're sedated immediately.
Painless. It won't feel a thing.
But we switched
to another sedation method.
We use the electrical tongs.
We place it on the pig's head.
- One shock is enough. It's painless.
- Painless? Wow.
I think the pig knows what's happening.
I thought is was cruel too.
when I was a kid.
But when I got older.
I realized they're not people.
They're animals.
And people eat animals. You may think
it's cruel. but that's just the way it is.
People don't need meat.
- Then why do we have these?
- Alright. And after the sedation?
After the sedation...
Fuck.
That asshole is playing us.
I'll try to find a light switch.
- You wouldn't dare.
- Do you think so?
- Are you okay?
- Yes.
So you think it's painless?
Maybe you should try it
and show us how painless it is.
Film this.
- We can't do this. We can't.
- Film this. He deserves this.
- No. you're going too far.
- Why? He does this every day.
- You wanted to do something.
- Not this.
Film it. Now.
- It's painless. right?
- You won't do it.
- Then do it. Do it.
- I'm doing it.
Scream. Come on. scream like a pig.
Film it.
That's enough.
What are they doing to him?
Untie me. please.
Sure. because you asked so nicely.
Ish. what are you doing?
You really think you're innocent.
don't you?
You live next to a murder factory.
Next to a concentration camp.
And after all these murders
you don't think you deserved this?
We've said it so often.
Quit breeding animals.
Quit animal cruelty. Quit slaughtering.
- But do you ever listen?
- No.
So now you have to feel the consequences.
Listen. I...
I get it.
- I get you.
- Do you?
I hate this too.
- I didn't choose to be born here.
- Those pigs did. of course.
No.
Listen. please...
Let's stop this while you can.
Stop? Yeah. stop.
Have you ever told your parents to stop?
"Daddy. please stop killing piglets.
Daddy. please..."
Believe me.
I spoke with my dad many times.
But as I said. we're having a tough time
since my mom has passed.
And my sister is sick too.
So...
I'm sorry? So. your mom died.
That just sounds like karma.
You're right. This needs to stop.
Really. I'll talk to my dad again.
- And then I'll make sure...
- Being nice won't change a thing.
I mean it.
- I'm sorry for your loss.
- What the fuck?
You get it. Let's just leave it at this.
It's not too late.
I won't give your description.
- You'll just leave. Alright?
- Yeah. I'll go and see if...
You're not going anywhere.
Gross.
It's okay. Take it easy.
It's okay.
It's okay. take it easy.
Are you alright?
Jesus. you're burning up.
Just go to sleep. Okay?
It'll all be fine.
Really.
No. Nas. stop.
- Stop. Stop.
- You're really crazy.
You're fucking crazy.
Am I? Am I crazy?
I'm crazy.
- Call me crazy one more time.
- You're crazy.
Stop.
Against the wall.
Both of you. Against the wall.
Did you think you could kill me. psycho?
Did you think that?
You? So you're behind this?
Dad was right.
Two tough women.
Okay. now it's your turn to scream.
Help me.
Nasha. goddamnit.
- We need to call an ambulance.
- No. we need to split.
Really. now.
Ish. come here.
We're staying here.
- No. Dad.
- Please. don't shoot.
Down on your knees. Shut up.
- Down on your knees.
- Dad. don't.
Down on your knees.
Where are your brother and sister?
Jerrie is upstairs with another one
of them. Jacco left with two others.
- Do they have weapons?
- I don't know.
Come here.
Damnit. what did they do to you?
- Please. I haven't done anything.
- Shut up.
- Dad. don't.
- Don't?
Would you look at your ear?
Here. point it at them.
Daddy. I had a dream about Mommy.
It's okay. Just go to sleep.
Not in my house. goddamnit.
Come on.
- I'm going in.
- No.
Wait. the dad is back.
Go.
No. wait. Go.
- I'm going after them.
- No. don't.
Nas. Nasha.
Let us go.
Please. Please.
Dad.
I thought it might be best to...
To call the police.
- Try to find Jacco.
- Isn't that...
Listen to your father.
Go find your brother.
EMERGENCY CALL
911. how may I help you?
Fire department. police or an ambulance?
- An ambulance and the police.
- Please hold. I'll put you through.
- I knew it.
- Jona...
Everything...
- I'm sorry.
- You're sorry?
- For my ear?
- I didn't mean for that to happen.
You let it happen.
I did.
So it was all a ploy.
It was just so you could work here.
Everything.
That text.
Meeting with me.
Catching up.
That you were looking for work.
It was all just...
I didn't want to hurt you.
Do you expect me to believe that?
You used me to destroy my dad's company.
Breaking in with your extremist friends.
Breaking stuff.
You know how hard things are on us.
I get that you're angry. I really do. I...
But something happened.
It was an accident.
Your brother is hurt.
You need to call an ambulance.
- Where is he?
- It was an accident. Believe me.
Where is he?
- Who knows you're here?
- No one. I swear.
Shut up.
That's good. That's very good.
Don't you try.
Eenie. meenie. miney. moe.
And you are...
it.
If you touch her. I'll kill you.
You dirty...
It really was an accident. We can...
- Nas. what are you doing?
- Mirthe. hurry up.
- Are you okay?
- Go.
- No. wait.
- You bitch.
- Mirthe.
- Let's go.
Nas?
Nasha?
Mirthe.
Dirty snake whore.
First you pretend to like me.
Just to destroy us.
Fucking Mirthe van der Molen.
You always were insecure at school.
Always wanted to be one of the cool kids.
Then I give you a chance
to come and work here.
and of course you stab me in the back.
Mirthe.
Nas. Nasha.
Sir...
Please. we're sorry. We're really sorry.
You called me "sir". You're the most
polite activist that's ever been here.
Crazy asshole. What's your plan?
What are you waiting for?
- Dad.
- Jacco.
Jacco. son.
Jesus Christ. My boy.
Stay awake. Jacco. My boy.
Jacco. please.
Come here. son. Stay awake. My boy.
Please. Jacco. Son.
Jacco.
Hey. he needs help.
Let us go. Come on.
Let us go.
Goddamnit.
Shut up.
What did you do to my brother?
Where is Jacco?
Jonathan. don't do it. Please.
I didn't want to betray you.
I really didn't.
We can work this out. Together.
Please.
Everything will be fine.
Get in there.
We didn't do this. We really didn't.
We wanted to stop the pain.
Think about your daughter.
Jerrie.
She needs you. You can't be in prison.
Don't do things you'll regret. For her.
Don't worry. I won't regret this.
Humphrey.
Humphrey. you piece of shit. Coward.
- We can work this out. I should have...
- Shut up. Mirthe.
- Get in.
- I can't walk.
Go on. Get in.
Stand in the corner.
Come on.
- What was that?
- Come on. we need to move.
What the fuck was that
between you and him?
- What?
- Is there something between you two?
Of course not.
- No?
- We were in the same elementary school.
It's not important.
You have a history
with the son of a murderer.
I wanted to work here
to make those videos.
- Anything to gain access.
- Even falling in love with him?
You're not serious.
So they did catch you.
That's why they slaughtered
those pigs already.
- It's your fault they're dead.
- My fault?
- Yes.
- We could have left already.
- You're doing all those sick things.
- Sick?
Are you sure
you want to talk to me like that?
Goddamnit.
Come on.
Wait.
- Stay here. I'm going to get help.
- No. you need to find the rest.
Go. now.
Your dad is going to kill us.
Please. Please. untie us.
I'll do anything.
I swear I'll do anything.
I'm a good person. I swear.
- What did you do to him?
- I don't know. I really don't know.
- What?
- Please. I don't want to die.
Untie her.
Dad.
- Untie her.
- What are you going to do?
They killed your brother. Untie her.
Goddamnit. do as I say.
Where are the others?
I don't know.
Where's the other one?
They killed Jacco. son.
Don't worry. No one will find them.
What are you going to do with them?
Goddamnit. son. Just look at him.
Look at my boy.
Untie her now. Come on.
You're going to hell.
You think we're cruel to those pigs
and you don't want to eat meat. right?
Let's see if those pigs pity you too.
Do you know what happens
when a pig tastes blood?
Then they go crazy.
They eat each other till nothing's left.
With skin and hair.
Dad.
They deserve this. son.
You didn't think you were the first.
did you?
No worries.
There will be nothing left of you.
Dear Lord who commanded me...
Have mercy on my soul
and forgive me my sins.
Let me see again in the eternal light.
in the darkest hour.
Our Lord.
Our Lord Jesus Christ.
I'm sorry. God.
that I haven't prayed enough.
Ish.
You're still alive.
Where are the others?
Come on.
Goddamnit.
I can't do this anymore. Dad.
Nas.
You don't look too good.
I'm going to die. I can't...
- Ish.
- I'm going to die.
No. we're going to make it. Come on.
Come on. we need to move. Come on. Nas.
We need to move.
Bastard.
Scream all you want. You were right.
I don't even hear it anymore.
I don't smell the blood anymore.
Please. Don't do it.
You know what it is?
Sometimes pigs are just like humans
and vice versa.
They come here
and at first they try to fight it.
They think there's a way out.
It's hope. or something.
But then they realize
what it is we do here.
And then it's like a switch flipping.
Their fighting spirit disappears.
Resignation. They know they're being
slaughtered. that they're going to die.
And they accept that.
Accept it.
You're going to die.
Dad. this has to stop.
This can't...
Goddamnit.
Goddamnit. Why aren't you dead?
Why aren't you dead?
Instead of your brother.
Instead of your mother.
Accept it. You're going to die.
Hey. Nas.
Nas.
What happened?
It's over.
Is everyone...
I wish everything was different.
He was a murderer.
Jona...
No. No.
All those pigs. Donna.
Humphrey. Ishmael.
And you feel sorry for him?
You really had feelings for him.
You're just as bad.
You... You just act as if you're good.
But you're so evil.
Quit this.
Okay. You're right.
You're the only one who knows I was here.
And let's be honest.
you deserve to be slaughtered.
WITH PRIDE WE WORK ON TOP QUALITY.
ANIMAL FRIENDLY PRODUCED FOOD
I'm sorry.
What are you doing?
No. wait.
Please.
MEAT DAY
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-